Right.
I knew Mr. Yang
would send you.
I'm handing them over
for your sake, Tae-gu.
Had you not come,
they'd already be
six feet under in cement.
You hear?
That'd be fucking epic.
Good day, boss.
-Sir.
-Afternoon, boss.
Where are Yang's boys?
Over there, sir.
AGAINST DEMOLITION AND NEW CONDOS
So what then?
Should I relay that message to my don?
I don't give a shit.
Tell him what you like.
Let's hear it.
What's done is done.
Why did you do it?
Why did you turn on us out of the blue?
What's the point of asking?
You know how it is.
That's how it goes around here.
Tae-gu.
Have you heard of the saying,
dangranggeocheol?
Dangranggeocheol.
Don't use big words, it's not like you.
A big ass wheel rolls down,
and a tiny mantis tries to stop it
down the path.
Fucking hell.
That mantis sure got grit.
But what's the inevitable result?
Listen carefully, young one.
What are you even doing?
You really think you can put up a fight
against the Bukseong clan?
I understand Yang's trying to
raise his reputation,
but what do you have to gain?
From what I hear,
Bukseong's Chairman Doh made you an offer,
but you told him to piss off.
You got some balls.
Is life too boring?
Watch out for yourself.
Chairman Doh let it slide
because he values people,
but I'd have killed you first.
To be frank, without you,
Yang's a fucking cripple.
I'll make sure to relay your words.
Yes, do what you will.
Take care.
19 is coming up, we're at level 3 now.
It's raining.
You sure came early.
Look at the time!
You sure came early, look at the time!
Uncle, can't you read time?
Ji-eun, I'm sorry,
I was super busy and lost track of time.
-Sorry.
-Golly.
Jae-kyung, are you hungry?
There's a good mulhoe place nearby.
I'm the sick one here,
yet you want your favorite dish?
They got great abalone porridge.
That's what you should be having, right?
What happened to your face?
-Why?
-Look at you.
You look so tired.
I'm not tired at all.
It's not like you do anything important.
Don't gangsters fool around
and lounge all day?
Why do you look so haggard?
Sweetie.
-Tell Mom to nag on the microphone.
-Stop changing the subject.
Aren't you even embarrassed?
At least stop saying
you'll quit that life, and just do it.
When I'm dead,
you're her only next of kin.
What will happen to her
if you get stabbed somewhere?
Why are you saying that in front of her?
You think kids are oblivious?
They know.
Jeez.
What do you know? Don't listen to her.
Jae-kyung!
Hop in.
I'll get your prescription filled
and bring them over later.
Sweetie, I'll come by later,
so get home with mommy, okay?
Uncle, promise me you'll come later, okay?
Don't get stabbed, Uncle, it really hurts.
Okay, sweetie.
I'll come by later, promise.
-Promise, seal it.
-Sealing!
What's coming up in a few days?
My birthday!
I already bought you a gift,
it's in the car.
Gift? Mine?
Right there!
You must be so happy!
What is it? What did you buy her?
Ji-eun, open it.
Thank your uncle, honey.
Ji-eun, are you happy?
-Can you move? Let me get in.
-What? Hold on.
-Let me get in.
-What could be inside?
-Tada!
-Why are you so damn strong?
I'll prep some food,
so pick them up later.
It's an iPad!
Do you like it? You can watch
Mini Mini everyday with it…
-All right, that's enough.
-Do you love it?
Christ, you're being way too clingy!
Drive carefully in the rain.
-Ji-eun, look at Uncle.
-Ji-eun!
I bought you that!
I'll see you later, sweetie!
Bye!
Ji-eun!
I'll get us a cab, sir.
No, head back to the office first.
I got something to do here.
I can accompany you.
I gotta fill my sister's prescription,
and something else too,
so you head on back.
Go ahead.
I'll see you back, sir!
After a thorough exam, we concluded that
you're not an eligible donor
for your sister.
You two are very incompatible,
family members aren't
normally this incompatible.
Right, she's
my half sister.
I see.
Doctor.
How long…
does she have?
Hey, what's up?
No.
It's okay, I don't need to have mulhoe.
I was just saying that.
I'm really okay, what's with you today?
Hello?
Jae-kyung?
You there?
The don is here, sir.
Did you get some sleep?
Have you eaten?
Yes, sir.
Wasn't today
supposed to be Ji-eun's birthday?
Chairman Doh really did it this time.
He must've lost his mind.
Even if things are bad between our clans,
he crossed the line.
He was drooling
to recruit you at one point.
What am I supposed to do?
They're already gunning for our necks
at every chance.
As your boss,
there isn't anything I can do to help.
I'll go see Chairman Doh.
And do what?
What would you like me to do?
Isn't that what you want too?
We're at a point of no return.
My condolences to your sister and niece.
I was shocked to hear what happened.
Even if we lead less than ideal lives,
only the lowest of lowlives
go after our families.
These punks really
fucked things up this time.
I'll get to the bottom of this,
and toss the perp to you.
This I promise you.
It's all in the past now.
What's the use at this point?
Since it wasn't your order,
I'll accept it as an accident.
All right.
Good.
I like how thoughtful you are.
I feel bad for your family,
but as a gesture of consolation,
is there anything you want?
What can I do for you?
Isn't that why you wanted this meet?
Did you have something in mind?
I'll go splash some cold water first.
Very well.
Easy.
Don't be so jumpy.
We're all naked here,
what's there to worry?
You're being too petty.
My apologies, Chairman.
Fine, whatever.
Just flip that hourglass.
Come here.
-What the…
-Goddamn…
Tae-gu, hold on…
Tae-gu, please! Hold on a sec!
Here.
You did good.
Were you injured?
I'm fine, boss.
Did you dispose of your phone properly?
Use that for the time being,
I quickly put together
a new ID and some money.
First thing…
get to Jeju Island.
A week should do.
Then you'll hop on a ship to Russia
and reach Vladivostok.
Russia should be safer than China,
since the Bukseong clan has
close affiliation with the Chinese.
I don’t care where I go, boss.
Tae-gu.
Yes, boss.
You saved us all.
Shall we?
A week at the most.
Enjoy the scenery and fresh air,
think of this as your vacation.
Yes, sir.
Get going.
Did you have a chat with Kuto in Jeju?
Yes, boss, it's been taken care of.
And the boys?
Give them a call.
Is this Mr. Park Tae-gu?
Yes, who is this?
Your chauffeur, probably.
Bingo.
My uncle's tied up with work,
so I came instead.
Follow me.
Come on.
Not coming?
Coming.
Come on…
It's really windy today.
This is a Tokarev,
a Russian-made, not Chinese.
And a box of ammo.
I'll provide more if you need it.
Fucking A.
All these for that price?
You're okay with dumping?
If Bukseong or the Russians find out,
they won't be too happy.
Are you buying or not?
Of course I'm buying.
The Japanese boys are desperate for these.
Kuto.
Do you know how hard it was
to put together US dollars
during this global recession?
Strip them and wrap them up.
Back in the fish guts?
Is there another way?
If you want,
you can have them by airmail.
You can pick them up at the airport.
It's not that, but the stench is…
Shut your hole and pack 'em.
Fishing boats are the safest bet.
Give me a smoke.
By the way,
why do you need cash so badly?
I hear you're dealing directly instead of
going through us or the Russians.
Yes?
Are you putting together
a retirement fund?
If you're done shopping, you may go.
It's closing time.
What are you looking around for?
Dig in.
Of course.
I was told that
you moved here to work on the farm.
How long will you stay?
About a week,
but I'm not sure.
Where's your next stop?
Vladivostok.
Vladivostok?
Sounds grand.
And become an independence fighter?
Are you done?
Wait…
A week at the most,
earlier the better.
We don't like getting mixed up
with you people over a few bucks.
Please leave a message after the tone…
How did it go?
Chief Ma…
slipped through our fingers.
Motherfuckers!
He's the most important target!
Son of a…
I'm sorry, sir.
Also, boss,
Bukseong's Chairman Doh is…
still breathing.
He's in surgery now.
It's Bukseong's Chief Ma.
Hello?
Mr. Yang.
You really made a mess this time.
Fuck, this really caught me off guard.
By an incompetent hooligan, no less.
Listen, Mr. Yang.
You son of a bitch.
I don't know what you took
to suddenly grow an extra pair of balls,
but just you wait.
I'm gonna cut you up alive
and take a look inside for myself.
You hear?
Just wait.
It won't be long.
Where are those bastards right now?
Give me that.
Too many men are getting fucked
because of one chicken shit.
Bite down hard.
This will hurt.
Hey!
Wait!
Hold it!
Hey, wait a minute!
Hey…
Wait…
What's going on?
What are you doing?
Stop kidding around, okay?
Don't do that.
Easy, easy.
Please calm down.
Hold on.
Don't, please.
Please…
Wait…
Easy…
Please, I won't come near.
I said don't!
Stop!
Is she nuts?
Fuck, I just had my lunch…
Put that away.
Jeez…
Mr. Yang.
Yes?
What the hell are you all doing?
Are you shooting a movie or something?
My apologies.
Jeez…
I'm sorry, Captain Park, I really am.
Please help me out just once.
What am I, Your Lord and Savior?
Why did you start a war you can't end?
Fuck…
This isn't like back in the '80s.
We're living in the 21st Century.
Why are you so old-fashioned?
Man…
Chief Ma, it's me.
It's been a while.
Anyway, it's time to have a face-to-face.
How about lunch?
Preferably something good.
Christ.
Do you even need to ask who's buying?
What the hell?
Miss?
What's wrong?
Goddammit…
Move!
-Sir, what are you doing?
-Take the wheel.
-What?
-Drive, asshole!
But…
Get to the hospital!
Jae-yeon, honey!
You drank that.
I didn't touch it yet.
Has Mr. Yang called you yet?
When is he picking you up?
Early next week.
All right, that's good.
He owes me for taking you in.
We're leaving soon too.
Where will you go?
I'm taking her to the States for surgery.
The chance of recovery
is under ten percent here,
but it's close to 20% over there.
At this rate,
she won't last a month here.
Did you even wash up?
No, I didn't get to.
Why?
Does it show?
Disgusting pig…
Come on, Captain Park,
we came all this way
only to have jjajangmyeon?
You know I'm buying,
I got a reputation to uphold.
A government official mustn't
live so lavishly.
It could be misconstrued as a bribe.
Pass me the vinegar.
Sure.
Aren't you having some?
Let him be.
Stuffing his stomach will only
make a mess when cutting him open.
That's a good boy.
Don't even have a bite.
You sure got a savage tongue.
All right then,
since you don't have an appetite,
let's get to business.
So, I hear Chairman Doh is awake.
What's the use?
He's a fucking cripple now.
The silver lining was,
he was a devoted church goer,
who made a ton of donations,
so he had the Lord watching over him.
Fucking Hallelujah.
Screw that, the doctors saved him.
In any case,
he's back from the dead,
and I hear you managed to
send a few of Mr. Yang's men
to the Lord's pearly gates.
I'd say Bukseong did enough damage, no?
Why don't you two
call truce at this point?
Come on now, that ain't right.
Your math is all wrong.
This can't be wrapped up
with simple arithmetics.
To be frank,
you people started this incident.
What? "You people"?
You got a mouth that's ripe for ripping,
you fucking nobody.
Chief Ma, don't be like that.
Let's all be civil and clear this up
for my sake, okay?
If you keep stirring up trouble,
you'll put me in the spot.
I got my ass handed to me
before coming here,
for being too lenient on fucking thugs.
My evaluation is around the corner too.
Which is why
we should take it down a notch. All right?
Listen, Mr. Park.
You can't force a truce in this case.
My boss was jumped.
The don of Bukseong
was almost assassinated
by these third-rate thugs.
So,
does it look like we can
gloss over it haphazardly?
I'm so fucking embarrassed
that I can't lift my head in public!
Fucking hell…
God-fucking-damn…
Motherfucker.
Hey, Ma Sang-gil.
So what?
How far will you go then?
-Captain Park…
-Shut the fuck up, dick cheese,
I'm holding court here!
Buddy.
You must think
that since we're sharing a meal,
we're buddies or something.
BFF and shit, right?
Listen.
Despite all that,
there's a hard cap to my patience.
I just told you
my evaluation is coming up.
If I don't get my promotion,
who's gonna take the heat?
Just because I put up with your shit,
doesn't mean you get to shit all over me.
Do you really want to have a go?
Is that it?
Are you looking to start something?
Is that what you want?
No, sir, I sincerely apologize!
Ma Sang-gil, you son of a bitch!
Got all that out of your system?
Fucking hell…
Got some more?
Why are you getting worked up
all of sudden?
Weren't you the one
who was up in arms about mutual respect?
Think this through.
You know Yang has my boss on his payroll.
Go for his jugular and heads will roll,
I'll tell you that much.
So that's not an option.
Chief Ma, do me this favor.
It's not like we're strangers here,
we only want what's best
for all of us, no?
So what then?
What do you propose?
You're awake?
Why are you here?
Your uncle was called away
by guests, wait a minute.
Hey. Today…
Holy crap…
You can look, I don't charge.
There wasn't much to look at.
Got something to say to me?
What?
No, I got nothing.
Why do you keep staring at me then?
Do I look pitiful now that
you know I'm terminally ill?
What's with you?
Want to grab a bite?
Aren't you hungry?
Aren't you?
I'm not that hungry.
You know how to eat mulhoe?
It's amazing here.
Mainland tourists don't know
about this place yet,
and I've made peace with dying,
but I'll really miss the mulhoe here.
Thank you.
Enjoy your meal.
Gosh.
This is the stuff.
You're not into these dishes?
Is it too exotic for you?
Or is it the fish stench?
Whatever.
It's your loss.
This won't do.
Ma'am, could I get a bottle of Hallasan?
Jeez, what a prima donna.
Whatever.
You know how to handle a gun.
It's nothing at all.
You know,
I started practicing
with a target in mind.
And…
I get nervous without it.
Not even a sip?
It's customary to drink when in Jeju.
Give it a sip.
Good?
Right?
Here, cheers.
No, I'm all right.
I have to drive.
That's why,
you should have just one drink.
Okay?
And DUI checkpoints are unheard of here.
I've never seen it once while living here.
They never check.
Don't worry, have one drink.
ID check, Kim Hyung-jin.
Kim Hyung-jin, 871129.
-125626.
-Blow like you're blowing up a balloon.
-It's 5626.
-Once more please.
More, more, more…
Good, thank you.
So?
He's clean, boss.
So you really did just have a sip.
Thank you for your cooperation.
Even so, drive carefully.
I will.
By the way…
Can you get up?
She looks really wasted.
-Please!
-Can you do something?
-Give us a break, please!
-Help!
I need help!
-Oh man, did she drink a keg?
-It's all my fault…
Hey…
Help her up!
What are you doing?
Oh my…
Should we call an ambulance?
I'm heading your way tomorrow.
Pack up and standby.
Leave no trace, you know that, right?
Understood, boss.
I haven't been able to get in touch
with my boys, including Jin-sung.
Yes…
Fucking hell.
You may already have sensed it,
Bukseong whipped us good.
Jin-sung and the others are in hiding,
and I'll be heading out
to Vladivostok with you.
I'll fill you in tomorrow,
so be ready.
Yes, boss.
This is Park Tae-gu.
The one who stabbed Chairman Doh.
As a gesture of apology, Mr. Yang will…
hand him over…
to Bukseong.
Take care of him as you see fit.
The entire ordeal
was a rogue action of Park.
An act of personal vendetta.
That's the end of it.
Do we have an agreement?
In addition,
once that brazen bastard,
who had the balls
to raise his knife at Bukseong's don,
is dealt with by Chief Ma.
The clean-up
will be carried out by Mr. Yang.
It'd be preferable if he left no trace.
But if he surfaces in any way,
Mr. Yang will take the blame in full.
Yes, sir.
So, Chief Ma, are you satisfied
with the terms?
It's not entirely satisfactory,
but I'll play along.
Make absolutely sure
there aren't any loose ends.
Do you understand
what I'm saying?
By the way,
how big of a fuck up did you cause?
You came here from Seoul to lay low.
Isn't that right?
That's enough.
Heading to Vladivostok, right?
You must've really fucked shit up.
You can tell me.
I said enough.
I see…
So you got the death sentence.
That's what it is.
Enough.
I told you to stop, are you deaf?
I'm right.
Dead man walking.
That's it then.
You fled alone to save your own neck.
Say that again.
I've fucking had it!
Go on, hit me.
It's all right.
I can take it.
Hit me.
Why are you doing this to me?
Have I done something to you?
Forget it, drive me home.
Uncle must be waiting.
What's with your tone?
We're not friends.
You're just a kid.
You did it first.
How old are you?
What a geezer.
Always playing the age card
when you got nothing better.
Getting old isn't a badge of honor.
You may have been born earlier,
but I'll certainly die first.
So I got that going for me.
If you got a problem,
you could try dying first.
You don't need to count.
It's all there.
If you're done shopping, you may go.
I got somewhere to be.
Just out of curiosity,
is this everything you got?
Yes, why do you keep asking?
You sure?
I am fucking sure.
Don't be pissy about it,
I was just asking.
I'll eventually find out
whether you got more stashed or not.
Fucking old bastard!
Damn, Kuto, you still got it.
A big shot in Russia sure is different.
What are you up to?
I've told you before,
dumping could stir problems
with Bukseong and the Russian boys.
Bukseong made me an offer.
You for the Russian connection.
Go on, send him packing. He's a busy man.
Come on out!
Kuto, dude!
Hold on, man.
Let's talk about this, okay?
Careful!
Toss my money.
Dude.
Have a good trip.
Boss, you okay?
Come on, get the money and the guns!
Uncle!
Hey! Stop!
Are you nuts?
You're fine, it's just a graze.
No shit! You want a graze too?!
Uncle!
No, Uncle… Please!
Open your eyes!
What the hell happened?
How…
Get rid of her.
No…
What the fuck is this?
I'll kill this fucker.
He's got a knife on my neck,
drop everything!
Okay, easy!
No!
I'm…
I'm so sorry…
Don't talk, okay?
Save your breath, don't say anything.
I'm so grateful…
that you did not hate me…
Thank you…
Uncle!
Uncle?
What are you doing?
Uncle!
No!
Please!
Are you Park Tae-gu?
You son of a bitch!
What the fuck!
That's enough.
We have to go, they'll be back soon.
Get it together, we have to go!
Did you not hear me? We have to go!
What about my uncle?
Kuto…
He's dead.
Who's dead?
Say that again!
Who?
You're fucking out of your mind!
Snap out of it!
What did you say?
You son of a bitch!
Fuck…
Let go!
Stop it!
Stop the car! You fucker!
Where are you taking me?
Stop the car!
Stop, please…
-Will you stay put?
-No! Please!
Stop the car!
Hey.
Hey!
Hey, look!
Hey! Is this it?
WATER FOUNTAIN
Make a left here?
Yeah.
Oh my!
Jae-yeon, it's been so long!
Have you been well?
-Yes, how are you?
-Good.
Are you not feeling well?
Is everything okay?
I'm just tired, that's all.
-All right, let's head inside.
-Sure.
I prepped the best room
after receiving your call.
But why is your uncle
renovating the house now?
It seems very out of the blue.
He asked me to find him a buyer
so he can sell it on the cheap.
Did the pipe burst again?
No.
You know how fickle he can be.
I guess so.
Right.
Who is he?
Your boyfriend?
What?
No, he's one of Uncle's guests.
Right?
You mustn't date random men out there.
Will you stop nagging her?
It's important, that's why.
What's gotten into you, woman?
I thought you didn't like to drink.
Are you okay?
Piss off.
Do I look okay?
No.
I hate it when assholes ask me that
when they already know I'm not.
Keep your mouth shut
if you don't know what to say.
Are you okay?
Do I look okay?
No.
I hate it
when bitches
ask me that…
when they already know…
What do I do now?
I got no one…
in the world now.
Because of Uncle,
the Russian mob killed my family,
and he killed them all
as an act of revenge.
That made him a legend
in his field, I hear.
I loathed him…
He should've died.
Why did my parents die instead?
Why did my brother?
My uncle alone should have died
from the beginning.
I cursed him every day.
"Fucking lowlife asshole,
just die already."
And then he got himself killed.
But why do I feel this way?
Over here…
it really hurts.
My heart aches.
I wished for him to die
countless times.
That's all I wanted…
Why is this happening to me?
Why is everyone leaving me?
Do you want to sleep with me?
Get in.
Don't you want to?
What?
Come here.
It's all right, I don't care.
I'll be dead soon anyway.
I'm really okay, get over here.
It's not that…
I'm not okay with it.
What?
I'm sorry about this.
You're not exactly my type.
It's not like I sleep with anyone
who's willing and ready.
You're so full of yourself.
What a loser, forget it.
You're not my type either.
Whatever.
I'll be there on time.
I understand.
Yes, boss.
Let's get breakfast.
I don't feel like it.
Come on, I'll treat you.
You're gonna eat?
Yes.
I want to have it before I die.
You said you wouldn't forget this
even after death.
Holy shit.
I thought you couldn't eat that.
I can't get enough of this.
Mulhoe is actually my favorite.
I grew up
by the sea,
and whenever food ran out,
my mom went to the wholesale market,
picked up leftover fish
and made this for us
with plenty of sweet chojang.
My sister said she was sick of it,
she hated even the smell of this.
But for some reason, I love it.
Even now, when I see this,
memories of my mom flood back.
And it's like I can smell her too.
It's nice.
Why aren't you eating?
Should I eat yours too?
Don't you dare.
Don't touch mine.
I didn't say I wasn't eating.
Are the boys there on standby?
Yes, they're on standby
with the Busan boys.
I'm going to the airport for a bit.
Don't go.
Don't you think it's weird?
You said you can't reach your people.
-That's the situation--
-What situation?
No.
Just don't go.
It doesn't feel right.
And I don't want to be alone.
It's nice and sunny today!
This will dry in no time!
What are you doing? They'll hear you!
Shut it, you old fart,
I want them to hear me!
Oh Christ…
I'll be back shortly.
Asswipe, what the hell happened?
Why don't you ever answer?
Sir!
What's going on?
That bastard Yang backstabbed us.
What?
Yang sold you out!
It's not just you, he sold all of us out!
That rat fucker…
He…
Fucker!
Jin-sung, hey!
Wait!
Tae-gu!
Hey, where are you going?
Move!
-Stop right there!
-Hurry!
Damm it!
Second floor! Stop him!
Shit!
Hey!
-Get him!
-Stop!
Right there!
Get in!
Pull that fucker out!
Go!
-Open up!
-Son of a bitch!
Park Tae-gu, you fucker!
You're a dead man!
Let go!
Pull him out!
Get out of the car!
Come at me, motherfuckers!
Grab him!
You fucking shit!
Stop!
Disperse!
I think they lost him.
What will you do now?
I asked you a question, fuck face.
Give me something.
I can get him, I really can.
Not that, asshole.
Chief Ma, don't do this. Listen to me.
-So how will you catch him, bitch?
-Hold on.
We got Jin-sung.
He's Tae-gu's right-hand man.
We can use that bastard.
Look at this fucker.
You really are a scumbag.
Jesus fucking Christ.
I feel dirty just being in your presence.
Scoot over, social distancing and all.
Scoot.
Open the window, shit.
Yes, sir.
Hey!
Where did she go?
Where did Jae-yeon go?
She went back to the farm.
She said she wanted to
tell her uncle something,
and to bring her things.
She asked me to borrow my truck.
Wait…
She'll be back shortly,
she wanted you to wait!
Where the fuck are you?
Is something up your ass?
I told you to stay put,
get back here at once!
I told you not to go, yet you still went.
Fine, I'm sorry. Can you get back?
I'll be right there,
I can't leave Uncle like this.
Goddammit!
Listen, his body is long gone, moron!
They probably moved him,
why'd they leave him there?
Are you listening? Get out of there!
Get the fuck out of there!
I hear you fine!
-I'll be back soon, talk to you later!
-Hey! Wait!
Hello?
God-fucking-damn!
Now you answer?
Tae-gu, where are you?
Tae-gu?
Did you sell me out?
Tae-gu, the thing is…
And you sold my boys out too.
That's not it…
Answer me, fucker!
Don't you bark at me, dipshit!
All right, I'm sorry.
I really am, Tae-gu, but…
Are you fucking kidding me?
Everything started because of you.
You have to take responsibility
for your actions.
Keep this up and your boys
will die for no reason.
If you…
Park Tae-gu, this is Bukseong's Chief Ma.
We've crossed paths a few times.
I won't mince words.
We've got a score to settle.
Be here within the hour.
If you skip town,
you'll pay a steep price.
Jin-sung or whatever will die,
and so will she.
Listen.
It's your life or theirs.
They're too young to die,
why do they need to suffer?
In any case,
you'll end up dead
whether you come here or not.
Don't bother trying to take off.
Are you listening?
All right, I'll come.
I'll be there.
Very good.
That's the Park Tae-gu I know.
You really are a stand-up guy.
But promise me this.
Let the girl and Jin-sung go.
Don't worry, I promise.
You know me.
I don't go back on my word
like someone here.
What?
Sure.
Yes, why not.
Do you want me to connect her
on a video call?
Fuck, just get over here
and see for yourself.
He wants to talk to you.
Don't come, are you insane?
Are you stupid or something?
Why come here?
You know I'm dying soon.
I'm the same, you heard the man.
I'm dead either way.
And you said you didn't want to be alone.
Hang in there, I'll be there shortly.
Hurry, you got an hour.
I fucking hate assholes
who aren't punctual.
But if you're here on time, as a reward,
I'll give you a going away present.
Just you wait.
You'll love it.
You were in middle school, about yay high
when I saw you last.
Do you remember me?
Are you fucking kidding me?
I was bigger than that
in elementary school.
Listen to this bitch yap.
Watch your mouth when talking
to your elders, kiddo.
You were being an asshole first.
It's not like we're best buds.
You got a death wish?
Go on.
I'll end up dead
in a few days anyway.
Don't you value your life at all?
How did you end up like this?
Kuto really did a number on you.
You fucking asshole!
Weak ass bitch!
Motherfucker!
Move, move!
-Fucking shit!
-Piss ant fucker!
Goddamn!
Fucker.
Welcome.
Park Tae-gu, you fucking asshole.
You're here.
Hey.
Are you okay?
I'm okay.
You?
Do I look okay?
No.
I hate it
when bitches ask me that
when they already know I'm not.
But thank you…
for asking.
What the hell's going on here?
Trying to get a decent flirting going?
Are you two dating?
What if we are?
What's it to you?
That mouth again, shit.
Jeez.
Make the fucking call.
Let Jin-sung go as you promised.
He's got a mouth problem too.
What's with you two?
I'm still way older than you guys!
Whatever, forget it.
You'll be dead anyway.
Buddy, call the hospital.
Right away, sir.
Rude millennials…
Hold still.
Damn it!
What?
What do you mean?
Who did?
Hey, Mr. Yang.
Was it you?
Did you order a hit on Tae-gu's man?
He had to go anyway.
He could pose a problem
if he's left alive.
Are you fucking kidding?
Chief Ma! Hold on!
Goddamn!
Wait, Chief Ma!
I'm going to gut you alive
and hang you like a pig!
Chief Ma, please! Don't kill me!
-Son of a bitch!
-Wait!
Please don't kill me. I'm begging you…
I'm sorry, but don't forget Captain Park!
Don't kill me for his sake,
you heard what he said.
Killing me will create more problems!
That punk ass Jin-sung.
He's Tae-gu's loyal minion.
If he's left alive,
we don't know what he will do!
It's all for our own good.
I'm just trying to be helpful, okay?
It was for us all.
Yang, you son of a bitch!
Goddamn you!
How could you do this to me?
Fucking hell…
Come here, you fucker!
What the fuck…
What did you say?
You fucking bitch!
Did you kiss your mother with that mouth?
Punk ass bitch!
We're all in this mess because of you.
Had you not stabbed Chairman Doh,
this massacre could have been prevented!
Fucking Yang Do-soo…
Yang, I'll kill you!
You fucking bitch!
You didn't get a proper beating yet.
-Motherfucker!
-Stop it!
Don't hit him!
-Stop! Don't hit him!
-Did I order you? Did I?
-Fucker, did I order the hit?
-Just stop it!
-Hey!
-Son of a bitch!
-I've had it with you!
-Don't hit him!
All right, that's enough.
Stop it.
You fucker!
He's gonna kill him.
Stop hitting him!
Stop!
You fucking--
Let go!
Jesus, fuck!
Up.
I'm impressed.
You really are something.
You're no son of a man.
You're a pest, a fucking rat.
Fuck…
I told you to stop, asshole…
Tae-gu.
Bud.
I told you
I had a gift.
Here's the kicker.
It's about your sister's accident.
On Chairman Doh's orders,
I squeezed my boys to find out
who was responsible.
Turns out…
it wasn't us.
For real.
Think about it.
If we wanted you dead,
would we use such a dirty method?
We'd straight up kill you.
No?
Then…
Hey, Yang.
Care to chime in, asshole?
Why am I blabbering on?
Why…
Why would he…
It's obvious.
Chairman Doh trying to recruit you
made him anxious.
With you gone, your boys would follow you,
and he'd be left as a mortal shell.
So? Did I get that right?
Motherfucker!
I'll kill you!
You son of a bitch!
I'll fucking kill you!
Backstabbing fucker!
Fucking die!
Die, you fucker!
Fucker!
Son of a bitch!
-Die, asshole!
-Hey.
What are you doing?!
Stop it!
What the hell are you doing?!
No!
Don't!
You son of a bitch!
Get the fuck up! Come on!
No!
Let go of me!
You fucking bitch!
You're dead!
Tae-gu…
Don't say my name, asshole…
I'm taking you with me.
We're going to hell together.
No! Please!
Bastard…
You son of a bitch!
You had your fun.
If I had it my way,
I'd let you take him
as a gesture of good faith from us.
But if that fucker dies,
we'll have more problems.
Tae-gu.
Let's settle the score here.
No!
Please, don't!
Don't do it!
Don't…
Why are you crying?
Don't waste…
your tears.
I'm not crying.
Why would I?
You're not my type.
Why'd anyone cry over you?
Hey.
Don't give me that shit.
Looks like…
I'm dying
before you.
You little punk.
What a petty bastard.
That's what you were thinking about?
No need to boast,
I'll join you in a few days.
I knew…
you'd say something like that.
Please go away, he's just about dead!
-Go away! Please!
-Yes, he's dead anyway!
Piss off!
How dare you bite me!
What a psycho bitch.
Fuck, that hurts.
Tae-gu.
It hurts a lot, doesn't it?
I'll make the pain go away.
All right, wrap it up.
What about the girl, sir?
Isn't it obvious, you idiot?
Chief Ma, I'll do it.
Give me a knife.
I already drew blood,
I'll take care of her.
Let her be.
I made a promise.
She said she won't live long anyway.
What a heartless bastard.
That's why she should die.
Because she won't…
I said that's enough, fucker!
I've had it with you!
Okay.
Look at yourself!
You should be the one dead on the ground!
Get that pest out of my sight.
Get rid of him!
My jacket, can you bring my jacket?
Fuck…
Fuck!
Where are we staying tonight?
I need to lie down.
They went to get breakfast?
A seafood restaurant?
Which one did you recommend?
Thank you, sir.
What a fucking loser.
More booze is best for a hangover.
Look who it is.
Did you come for breakfast?
Too bad though, it's a full house.
She can sit on my lap!
Came to get your uncle's body?
Why don't you
join us at our table?
We're not strangers, we can share a drink.
Come, join us. It's okay.
We're not as scary as we look!
-Over here.
-I'll buy you breakfast.
Don't be so sad!
Come here!
Fuck…
I lost my appetite.
Get fucked, asshole.
Fuck!
Shit!
Close it!
Fucking cowards.
Shitheads, this door isn't bulletproof.
She's not firing pellets.
Okay.
Come to think of it,
you and I
have a score to settle.
Is she fucking nuts?
Fuck…
Goddamn…
Wait…
Wait, please…
Let's talk…
Please…
Talk…
Subtitle translation by: Tae Jo